before a sketch is written at a foster
kids rehearsal many ideas are discarded
and left on the cutting-room floor these
are some of those ideas all right
so what about this how about if one of
us we get this old guy in the suit who
has this one and then he gets about
toast to come to the island what do you
guys think if we have like a cooking
show it could even be like for the
homeless or something and I could be the
host we could know you should really do
a sketch about relationships okay guys
uh everyone's been in them and they're
you know they're great they're really
great at first all right guys how about
this how in this can I get like a whole
thing I make about angel rate okay like
it's a new truck right it's two guys
talking with like heroin cocaine psycho
that's not a cool drug it was really
cool angel rape what do you guys think
about this just boom dinosaurs right
there there's a dinosaur there so all
that water like all these dinosaurs come
from if you like a song comes on like
touch my body but Mariah Carey and I
start getting all into it you know in my
appetizer finally comes out and when you
find that that $50 steak you just bought
shouldn't thing like that angel comes
down it's like oh just like hello mrs.
got the shoes wings right this halo
there these all sweet nice and white
right right on the windshield you know
really into it what about you guys like
what does gonna have a guys night I mean
oh you're an angel Jeff Goldblum comes
out and he's all like hey this bunch of
dinosaurs out there and then like touch
my body your heavenly style maybe I
don't want stuff fuck huh maybe I just
wanna play Star Fox 64 can't get this
the best game ever okay and then the
t-rex is company many toy
you give me my time after this foster
kids rehearsal the following sketch was
written hey Sammy
guess how much it cost the Pierce of
pirates ears Oh George I'm Buccaneer